Fixes to Energy related documentation (#18700)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/faq.markdown

## Energy vs Power

> It's a common mistake to take Power as an Energy value, but the two are not alike 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a common mistake to take Power as an Energy value, but the two are not alike.
```

[Energy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy) is a quantitative measurement of what it takes to produce work (e.g. heat water) while [Power](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_power) measures the speed at which energy is transferred.

Electrical Power is measured in Watts (W) and Electrical Energy is measured in kiloWatt-hour (kWh).

Think of this in a parallel to speed and distance: Power is the speed you are going and Energy is the distance driven.

> This difference is very important as you need to use the proper entities in our Energy Panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This difference is very important as you need to use the proper entities in our Energy Panel.
```

## Creating an Energy Sensor out of a Power Sensor

> Energy (kiloWatt-hour) is not an average of the Power you are consuming over a given period of time (that would be kiloWatt/hour). Energy is the integral of the Power function, or in other mathematical therms, it is the area of the graph beneath the power function.

Reviewer: This paragraph isn't understandable for the average user IMHO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Energy (kiloWatt-hour) is not an average of the Power you are consuming over a given period of time (that would be kiloWatt/hour). Energy is the integral of the Power function, or in other mathematical terms, it is the area of the graph beneath the power function.
```

Reviewer: Unresolved this comment, as I think we should consider simplifying the first paragraph.

> Since in HA we don't deal with Power functions but with samples of the power being used, we can't do the integral directly and get the true amount of energy consumed/produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since in Home Assistant, we don't deal with Power functions but with samples of the power being used, we can't do the integral directly and get the true amount of energy consumed/produced.
```

> That being said, if you can sample Power values fast enough (every few seconds) you can reliably measure energy transfered through a mathematic aproximatinos called [Riemann Sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_sum). HA provides this mathematical operation through the integration [integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/integration/#energy)

Reviewer: IMHO we should not encourage sensors that update every few seconds, ever. Even for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That said, if you can sample Power values fast enough (every few seconds) you can reliably measure energy transferred through mathematic approximations called [Riemann Sum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_sum). Home Assistant provides this mathematical operation through the [integration](/integrations/integration/#energy).
```
